What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

What happens is that, a new git repository gets initialized, this is done as a
method of keeping track of the changes that may be made to a repository and the
files within it.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

The staging area acts as a container that takes in files before they are
committed to the repository. The working directory on the other hand is what is
on the local machine. The repository is a storage place that takes in file
commits after they have been added from the working directory to the staging
area. The staging area is important in that it helps in making logical commits
at a given point in time.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

This can be achieved by adding changes of the same logic as one commit to a file.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

Branches would be helpful in situations where changes that are not yet part of
the main project need to be tried out separately from the main branch, in so
doing, making it easier to navigate through our history of changes.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagrams aid me to visualize and to see which commits may restored and which may
be lost, they also help with tracing back branches and their origins.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

The result of merging two branches together is that we end up with one branch
that incorporates changes that have been introduced by each branch as one. We
represent in a diagram as a way to help us in tracing back commits and their
branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

The pros of Git's automatic merging is that it saves us time and provides a bit
of needed efficiency when working on a project. By sometimes allowing us to
manually make merge branches, Git eliminates and minimizes the chances of it
replacing right code with wrong code and vice-versa, as programmers we may be
more suited to know which changes should be applied in certain instances.
